Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good morning.
Donna Jochimsen: Good morning, Rebecca.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Donna Jochimsen: I'm good, I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As we go into
Donna Jochimsen: It my week skill and really well.
Donna Jochimsen: My dad had a plumbing problem so he can't see home so he's out my brothers.
Donna Jochimsen: And I am so happy.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm so hoping that you will
Donna Jochimsen: Just forget to go
Donna Jochimsen: Or or be happy there, one of the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know.
Donna Jochimsen: I don't know, but I have a few days off. So that's been. I don't know. It's been a long time since I've had the whole day and night off.
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Sometimes I can get it part of a day off. But I'm always there at night so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you, what are you going to do
Donna Jochimsen: Well, I have a lot to do today. Today's my busy day. I have this appointment I have my 12 o'clock meeting, I have to go to the hospital and have them back some records for you got or for bright heart.
Donna Jochimsen: So I do have a lot to do today, but
Donna Jochimsen: When I get done with that, I don't know, maybe not very much for a while. I think this might take a couple of down hours and
Donna Jochimsen: Just enjoy doing nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wouldn't be nice.
Donna Jochimsen: It would be nice. Probably something will happen and that that will not occur, but I'm gonna try
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's all right, and everything's going well.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it is. It is. I
Donna Jochimsen: I did pretty well with my eating yesterday.
Donna Jochimsen: That actually scared me because I realized that it was almost a compulsion at that point he does, you know, just to not just have a bite of a cupcake, but eat all of them and
Donna Jochimsen: It was like
Donna Jochimsen: Frightening. But I realized it's probably the same part of me that became a heroin addict or smoke cigarettes.
Donna Jochimsen: And so I decided that I needed to just stop at right now before it gets any farther than I did.
Donna Jochimsen: I did. I went to this, I bought a bunch of vegetables and you know that I kind of eat those. I just didn't buy anything sweet. I have. I still have some hard candies and some suckers, but
Donna Jochimsen: I may have to get rid of those two because I think that's what led me to the sugar thing and wanting to eat everything I could find.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just think that it's part of it to you know to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to find something to latch on to and usually that's the route, it goes
Donna Jochimsen: You know when you're trying to like sort of went down the ladder. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Time to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do something. And that's why people gain weight when they you know when they quit smoking because they, you know, it's that that need, you know, to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just, it's a crazy cycle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that you caught it.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I, I've been horrified by I I got really overweight one time when I was having a lot of emotional problems I've hospital hospitalized twice for psychosis.
Donna Jochimsen: In one year and they put me on some anti psychotic drugs and I gained so much weight. I think I weighed 220 pounds at the end of that.
Donna Jochimsen: But as soon as I quit taking taking the medications that came off just came off. I didn't die it particularly exercise more than I do. I just did lose the way so I'm pretty sure it was the medications, but I don't ever want to be like that again.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I, I don't know. I don't know how people do it like just really done it lifetime hard when you're when you are big.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I tell you,
Donna Jochimsen: About five foot four
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it was a lot of way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that was a lot of
Donna Jochimsen: Horrible. Yeah, I was tired all the time I getting up was a problem walking was a problem, going to the bathroom and wiping was the problem. I could you know i i don't even I don't know how people who get those 600 pound people. I don't even know how they survive at all.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a lot for a system to handle
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's for sure.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, really. But anyway, I doing now being overweight at once like that maybe never wanted do that again. So I think that i think i think i've got a handle on it now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good. Yeah.
When do you find yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When do you find yourself wanting to snack. The most
Donna Jochimsen: Well, I'll tell you what, since I quit smoking. It's just all the time just constantly wanting to eat something so
Donna Jochimsen: I just like I said I've got my hard candies. I bought a bunch of vegetables and cut them up, didn't buy the dip.
Donna Jochimsen: I bought a bag of those little seedless oranges and so that they're pretty sweet. So whenever I want something I just, I'm grabbing that and I haven't felt like I want
Donna Jochimsen: That sort of slow down the desire to eat all the time to, for some reason, when I ate sugar. It just made me want to eat more.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's definitely addictive substance, just like everything else.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: My sponsor pointed that out to me.
Donna Jochimsen: The other addiction you to get past
Donna Jochimsen: So,
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it's easy to think I did the other
Donna Jochimsen: Day I have I you know I have when I quit using heroin. I smoked cigarettes and then when I quit doing that, then I, I didn't see the eating thing coming. No, because
Donna Jochimsen: I haven't, I haven't my weight hasn't changed in 10 years so I didn't really think about that. I would start stuffing my face with cupcakes.
Donna Jochimsen: I think that's over.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Good. I'm glad it only lasted a couple days. So that's a good thing.
Donna Jochimsen: Well actually lasted lasted about 10 days actually
Donna Jochimsen: I knew, I KNEW I've gained a few pounds, and I knew that if I kept going. I was going to gain weight fast I gained weight really fast and usually it's hard to get it a lot longer and harder to get it off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm glad you caught it and got vegetables to put into place.
Donna Jochimsen: Recruit yes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Natural I can I just gave myself permission to eat all those I want and I find I don't like to eat as much of that as I did the
cupcakes.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm gonna blame my daughter. She made the most killer cupcakes my granddaughters birthday party was Saturday night, and I went to dinner up there. And my daughter made the best cupcakes. I've ever had. They were so good and and I told her that. So she sent me home. Four of them and
Donna Jochimsen: I had one when I got home.
Donna Jochimsen: I had one in the middle of the night and then I had one for breakfast, and then one right after that, just for no reason at all, but
Donna Jochimsen: I mean for cupcakes. In about 12 hours with that came down to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a lot.
Donna Jochimsen: That's a
Donna Jochimsen: Lot, I felt
Donna Jochimsen: I felt I felt all puffy and bloated.
Donna Jochimsen: It wasn't a good thing at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are things going with your sponsor.
Donna Jochimsen: Good, good. I talked to her about the eating thing last night. She's the one that pointed it I pointed out to me that that's just another addiction and that when I eat a lot it. It makes me feel calm and good inside for a little bit, man. It's a problem later on.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And have you guys started working
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your steps, yet I know we talked about this, what
Donna Jochimsen: We've worked. I she's been my sponsor actually for a long time. And we've actually worked the steps probably three or four times together.
Donna Jochimsen: I she's after me to start again and I have not started yet.
Donna Jochimsen: But I will like she said, every time you do it. Something new comes out and gain more knowledge about yourself. So I'll do it again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, because, you know, the doctor like see here
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was going on with
Donna Jochimsen: No, and
Donna Jochimsen: I know, Dan, and she's right. I've done, I've done, I've done them four times, but three times with her and and she's right every time I do them little more comes out something new pops up to think about. So it's a good exercise. It's
Donna Jochimsen: Kind of hard for me.
Donna Jochimsen: When I get to the to the part of you know about real realizing what you've done to others and and making them and it's hard for me because that
Donna Jochimsen: Makes it kind of takes me back to the guilt that I that I can feel about it.
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: just remembering the all those things going over them again makes me feel terrible. I mean, I, I, my kids were okay but I was a heroin addict. I wasn't there for them emotionally like I should have been
Donna Jochimsen: They'll try to tell me. Yeah, but you're a good mom. And I'm like, but but but I wasn't there for you all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's two separate. I mean, you can robotically get up and and be there and take care of them physically their physical needs in there. You know what I mean, but
Donna Jochimsen: They're like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, is totally different.
Donna Jochimsen: me a long time to realize that I always said to myself, well, I always said clothes took care of my kids to them where they needed to be. And I did do all of those things. But I was emotionally unavailable. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the part that they don't get yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or something.
Donna Jochimsen: I didn't get it at the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And some, you know, some recognize it, but some dumb, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's your communication with your kids right now.
Donna Jochimsen: Really good. It's really good.
Donna Jochimsen: I think I've talked to everybody. This week I spent time at my middle daughter's house on Saturday night about three hours and I really happy about that relationship. That was my hardest one in 2003 I was having so much problems with with my addiction that
Donna Jochimsen: My counselor actually talked to my family about going to Ukiah to the Methadone clinic there at the time, they didn't have Suboxone came out I think just it became available down there right before I left, but
Donna Jochimsen: And there is no methadone clinic where I live, but I was unable to get off of heroin so
Donna Jochimsen: My family agreed and I went to Ukiah lived in a little small hotel, sort of like an apartment or a little cabin.
Donna Jochimsen: And I, they wanted me to stay for a year. And I said, I did stay for a year. I didn't use I I did really good, but
Donna Jochimsen: My middle daughter really
Donna Jochimsen: resented me for that I wasn't she probably was 14 at the time and
Donna Jochimsen: I left you know and that really bothered her. I thought I was doing a, you know, for a good reason.
Donna Jochimsen: And that I will. I didn't need to do something for sure, but
Donna Jochimsen: She had really hard feelings about that.
Donna Jochimsen: That I didn't realize I knew, I knew she was really rebellious. I knew that we didn't get along very well, but I
Donna Jochimsen: Did not know I you know I, I just, I really didn't think of it because I thought I'm going to the Methadone clinic getting off of heroin. This is a good thing for my kids, but
Donna Jochimsen: Just being absent from her life for a year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really her time. Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so things have gotten better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now that she's talking
Donna Jochimsen: She, she talked to me about it. You know, I didn't realize that that was what the problem was. And yeah, things have gotten a lot better.
Donna Jochimsen: Good a whole lot better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And with your other kids.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, my, my other key. I have a good relationship with my other kids and I always have Samantha was the, the one that was
Donna Jochimsen: Was more difficult. The others are much more
Donna Jochimsen: Apt to forgive me, and to, you know, just was what it was. They're just happy to see me where I'm at now.
Donna Jochimsen: You know,
Donna Jochimsen: And that's the only thing that I can do is I can, I can never quit being a mother and I can be there now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and a grandma.
Donna Jochimsen: And grandma.
Donna Jochimsen: And that's really important to them. They really want you know they are they really want me in their kids lives. So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's just good stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues that you that you need to bring to the table to discuss
Donna Jochimsen: The eating thing was my big issue. I think I think everything else is going pretty well.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm pretty happy right now.
Donna Jochimsen: I like you know I
Donna Jochimsen: Before I was always, I tried to quit and I would was always a struggle and the last time I don't even know how well I do know how somebody that I that I used to know came around and
Donna Jochimsen: And I was happy to see them. And eventually I ended up using again but i i i just don't have time for that anymore.
Donna Jochimsen: I didn't use for very long. It was only for about a month and a half. This time, and I just that is not what I want, I don't want, I don't want to be in that world. I don't want to do that.
Donna Jochimsen: I am happier being where I'm at now, even though I am alone, you know, and for the first time in my life I actually went from my parents house to got married, I was married for 42 years. So this is my first time actually living alone.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm doing pretty good at it, too.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not my dad drive
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, I didn't drive for 15 years
Donna Jochimsen: I had a little accident. And then I realized, God, you are driving under the influence all the time. So I didn't drive for 15 years so
Donna Jochimsen: I got my license back in a car.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, I'm doing I'm doing really well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. You definitely are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are some of the things that you want to work on this week.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, I definitely need to continue working on working on over eating.
Donna Jochimsen: Uh, let's see it. Well, I'm going to, I'm going to do. I did the the door to door thing for for the elections on Saturday and
Donna Jochimsen: It went well.
Donna Jochimsen: It was pretty easy. I didn't, I didn't know what to expect but they just went to registered voters doors and knocked if no one answered. We'll just leave it on the door knob and if they did answer just remind them that the elections are coming up soon.
Donna Jochimsen: Hope that they that they vote and it went really well. I went with that kind of a young girls must have been maybe about 25
Donna Jochimsen: Maybe 30 and we had a good time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. I'm gonna
Donna Jochimsen: I'm gonna do it again. Saturday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, good, good, good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got exercise. It was a pretty day
Donna Jochimsen: It was a beautiful day.
Donna Jochimsen: Everybody was nice that I talked to I I envision people
Donna Jochimsen: getting mad. You know, you're knocking at my door for that. But that didn't happen. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was probably different. If you're trying to sell something or, you know, yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: The or Jehovah Witnesses. People don't like that very much either.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Keep doing my online meetings, that's going it to I'm enjoying that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working with a sponsor.
Donna Jochimsen: Working with my sponsor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm doing it pleased about what I'm
Donna Jochimsen: Doing right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you should be. You have a lot to be proud of. Definitely.
Donna Jochimsen: I, I really am. For the first time in a really long time. I, I am proud of myself on what I'm doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good.
Donna Jochimsen: All right, no more secret.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No more secrets. Right.
Donna Jochimsen: No more secrets. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely keeps us sick.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so just continue doing what you've been doing and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll see you in group.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay, I'll see you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, Donna.
Donna Jochimsen: Rebecca, have a nice day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You to have a great week.
Donna Jochimsen: I will
Donna Jochimsen: Okay. Bye bye.
Bye.